TickTick: A To-Do List and Calendar to keep you organized Features Download Premium Resources Help Center Productivity Guides Sign In Sign Up for Free Features Download Premium Resources Help Center Productivity Guides Sign In Stay Organized, Stay Creative. Join millions of people to capture ideas, organize life, and do something creative. Get Started Download To-Do List Organize everything in your life Whether it's work projects, personal tasks, or study plans, TickTick helps you organize and confidently tackle everything in your life. Calendar Views Easily plan your schedule Different calendar views like yearly, monthly, weekly, daily, and agenda help you plan your time more efficiently. Pomodoro Track time and stay focused Adopt the popular "Pomodoro Technique"—break tasks into 25-minute intervals to stay focused and achieve a productive flow. Habit Tracker Develop and maintain good habits A rich habit library, flexible tracking options, and insightful statistics help you build good habits effortlessly and lead a fulfilling life. Countdown Capture every important moment Easily record important dates like birthdays, anniversaries, exams, and project deadlines with Dida, so you never miss the moments that matter. Powerful and intuitive features Simplify your daily planning Calendar Kanban Timeline Eisenhower Matrix Sticky Note Efficient Calendar Views Yearly View helps map out your year with clarity. Monthly View provides a clear overview. Weekly View highlights busy and free time blocks. Agenda View ensures tasks are executed in order. Multi-Day View enables dynamic adjustments. Multi-Week View lets you easily adjust your schedule across weeks. A comprehensive suite of features Meet your unique needs Constant Reminder After enabling Constant Reminder, notifications will keep ringing until you complete the task. Repeat Reminder Set flexible recurring rules (weekly, monthly, yearly, or custom) so you never miss a deadline. NLP Automatically recognize dates and times as you type to set smart reminders. Filter Easily customize filters like "high-priority tasks for this week" to view quickly. Keyboard Shortcuts Use shortcuts and command menus to perform quick operations. Collaboration Share lists with friends and colleagues, assign tasks, and improve collaboration. Integration Subscribe to calendars and integrate with other apps like Notion. Manage all matters in TickTick. Statistics Track tasks, focus duration, and habit logs to get a comprehensive view of your progress. Theme Choose from 40+ themes to personalize your workspace. More Sync across all platforms Whether it's your phone, computer, tablet, or watch, TickTick offers real-time sync and seamless experience. Download Recommended by top media A standout productivity app MKBHD My favorite app of the entire year which is my to-do app. It's called TickTick. Highly rated by users Continuously updated to meet your needs yuji.チャンネル Creating an environment for life 近年で最高のタスク管理アプリだと思います^^無料版でも十分使えますよ！ I think it's the best task management app in recent years ^^ Even the free version is great! MyEducationDiscount.com The home of EDU discounts for teachers & staff. TickTick, a task management app that helps users to stay organized, is recognizing educators and students with a 25% discount on TickTick Premium. With TickTick for Education, eligible teachers and students get reduced annual pricing and full access to TickTick's all-in-one time management solution. Yuuk GOOD ONE ：“使っていてワクワクするモノ”を紹介 UI全体はシンプルで直感的で、初めてでも使えると思う。 チェックリストでは今日のやること、やるべき習慣を見ることができる。 こうやって一覧で見られるのは嬉しい。 The UI is simple and intuitive, and very easy to get started with. Lists show all the things I need to do and habits I want to track. Everything is just at a glance. DatingAdvice.com "All things dating" daily TickTick can help singles and couples save time, so they get their work and errands done with enough time left over to spend with the people they love. 平岡雄太 / DRESS CODE. Representative director of Drip Co., Ltd. To-Doリストも、習慣化管理も、スケジュール管理もできて、ポモドーロタイマーも使える。 タスク管理に必要な全ての機能を兼ね備えた、オールインワンな生産性アプリです！ You can manage your to-do list, habits, schedules, and even use the Pomo Timer. An all-in-one productivity app that has all the features you need for task management! 엔지니어쪼이 Mechanical Engineering student 이 앱의 진짜 최고 강점은 역시 호환성이다. 회사에서 업무하다가도 데스크탑으로 자유롭게 to-do를 작성하고,이동중 편하게 핸드폰으로 빠르게 메모하고, 아이패드로 확인하고! The real strength of this app is its compatibility. While working at the company, I can write to-dos freely on my desktop, make quick notes on my mobile phone, and check with my iPad! Moe Humanist. Engineer. Tech Geek. Personally the reason I like TickTick is mainly the simplicity. It's minimal and clean. TickTick is packed with features but only the ones that are absolutely necessary. freeappsforme.com Free apps reviews TickTick is the most functional solution at the moment, which can be used at home and in business. Карина Спивакова Author of Yandex Zen and YouTube Поэтому как по мне, то это - идеальный планировщик! От души рекомендую всем, кто хочет попробовать устаканить свои задачи и свою жизнь! So it seems to me that this is the perfect planner! From the bottom of my heart I recommend everyone who wants to try to tune in their tasks and your life! Vitaly Salakhmir IT Project manager Версия TickTick есть для любого девайса — у меня он стоит на телефоне, планшете и рабочем макбуке. ТикТик офигенен. There is a version of TickTick for any device - I have it on my phone, tablet and work MacBook. TickTick is awesome. Yohama Caraballo-Arias M.D. ICOH, IOMSC, professor, writer and researcher @ UNIBO-Italy The Eisenhower matrix to view priorities has been a brilliant innovation. I use Tick Tick every day, especially the habit tracker with reminders and the focus function. I highly recommend it to my colleagues and students yuji.チャンネル Creating an environment for life 近年で最高のタスク管理アプリだと思います^^無料版でも十分使えますよ！ I think it's the best task management app in recent years ^^ Even the free version is great! 平岡雄太 / DRESS CODE. Representative director of Drip Co., Ltd. To-Doリストも、習慣化管理も、スケジュール管理もできて、ポモドーロタイマーも使える。 タスク管理に必要な全ての機能を兼ね備えた、オールインワンな生産性アプリです！ You can manage your to-do list, habits, schedules, and even use the Pomo Timer. An all-in-one productivity app that has all the features you need for task management! Карина Спивакова Author of Yandex Zen and YouTube Поэтому как по мне, то это - идеальный планировщик! От души рекомендую всем, кто хочет попробовать устаканить свои задачи и свою жизнь! So it seems to me that this is the perfect planner! From the bottom of my heart I recommend everyone who wants to try to tune in their tasks and your life! MyEducationDiscount.com The home of EDU discounts for teachers & staff. TickTick, a task management app that helps users to stay organized, is recognizing educators and students with a 25% discount on TickTick Premium. With TickTick for Education, eligible teachers and students get reduced annual pricing and full access to TickTick's all-in-one time management solution. 엔지니어쪼이 Mechanical Engineering student 이 앱의 진짜 최고 강점은 역시 호환성이다. 회사에서 업무하다가도 데스크탑으로 자유롭게 to-do를 작성하고,이동중 편하게 핸드폰으로 빠르게 메모하고, 아이패드로 확인하고! The real strength of this app is its compatibility. While working at the company, I can write to-dos freely on my desktop, make quick notes on my mobile phone, and check with my iPad! Vitaly Salakhmir IT Project manager Версия TickTick есть для любого девайса — у меня он стоит на телефоне, планшете и рабочем макбуке. ТикТик офигенен. There is a version of TickTick for any device - I have it on my phone, tablet and work MacBook. TickTick is awesome. Yuuk GOOD ONE ：“使っていてワクワクするモノ”を紹介 UI全体はシンプルで直感的で、初めてでも使えると思う。 チェックリストでは今日のやること、やるべき習慣を見ることができる。 こうやって一覧で見られるのは嬉しい。 The UI is simple and intuitive, and very easy to get started with. Lists show all the things I need to do and habits I want to track. Everything is just at a glance. Moe Humanist. Engineer. Tech Geek. Personally the reason I like TickTick is mainly the simplicity. It's minimal and clean. TickTick is packed with features but only the ones that are absolutely necessary. Yohama Caraballo-Arias M.D. ICOH, IOMSC, professor, writer and researcher @ UNIBO-Italy The Eisenhower matrix to view priorities has been a brilliant innovation. I use Tick Tick every day, especially the habit tracker with reminders and the focus function. I highly recommend it to my colleagues and students DatingAdvice.com "All things dating" daily TickTick can help singles and couples save time, so they get their work and errands done with enough time left over to spend with the people they love. freeappsforme.com Free apps reviews TickTick is the most functional solution at the moment, which can be used at home and in business. Ready to be more productive? Get Started Download Products Get Started Download Apps Premium Education Gift Cards Support Help Center FAQ Help Translate Resources URL Scheme Referral Program Integrations About About Us Blog Press Legal Terms Privacy License Security 简体中文 日本語 Français 한국어 Pусский 繁体中文 Português (Brasil) English English © 2026 TickTick Team